If you encounter problems (such as hanging) while booting the IFL Boot Disk,
it is sometimes possible to work around the situation by entering a kernel
boot parameter at the boot: prompt. The boot: prompt appears on the initial
boot screen where the video mode options (usually 3) are displayed.

The initial screen operates with a 5 second timeout. If no key is pressed 
within 5 seconds, the default boot option <1> will boot automatically. To
select a boot option other than <1>, enter that number within 5 seconds, and
then press <Enter>. For example, to boot option <2>, type 2, and then press
<Enter>.

To specify a kernel boot parameter:
 - type the number of the desired boot option within 5 seconds (1, 2, or 3)
 - type a space
 - type the kernel boot parameter
 - press <Enter>

Example: To boot option <1> with the boot parameter pci=nomsi:
 - within 5 seconds, type 1, then a space
 - type pci=nomsi
 - press <Enter>

Kernel boot parameters can also be specified permanently when building a 
custom version of the boot media. This option appears on the IFL Boot Media 
Settings menu when running makeISO/HDD/PXE. It also appears on the Restore 
Disc Settings menu so that boot parameters can be specified separately for 
the IFL disk and restore disk if needed. Boot parameters for the restore disk
can also be specified from the running disk by choosing View/Change Restore 
Disc settings from the main menu, and then choosing the Kernel Boot Parameters
option.


Some work arounds using kernel boot parameters that have worked for some
users in specific situations are listed below:

1. Dell Optiplex system hangs on boot. Try the pci=nomsi boot paramter:
   boot: 1 pci=nomsi

2. The system hangs on boot with a message similar to the following:
   ACPI: Assume Root bridge [\_SB_.PCI]. Try the pci=nommconf boot parameter:
   boot: 1 pci=nommconf

3. The system hangs on boot with "interrupt lost" error message. Try the
   acpi=off boot paramter:
   boot: 1 acpi=off

4. If a system with 4 GiB or more of RAM hangs on boot, try the '4gh' boot
   option. This option has been added to the main boot menu screen as of 
   boot disk version LBD220EN (IFL version 2.57).

5. If a system has IEEE1394 support (FireWire), and you see a console message
   e.g. "Disabling IRQ #10" during boot, or soon after boot, the 'irgpoll'
   boot parameter will usually correct this. When this happens, you may also dev)
   see very sluggish performance of USB 2 drives, or other similar symptoms.
   boot: 1 irqpoll

6. The system hangs at "Waiting for udev to complete". After a maximum time
   of 3 minutes, udev will time out and should get by the hang. If this happens
   frequently, run 'viewreport' from the console or terminal to create a report
   file (report.txt), and email it to TeraByte Support (see instructions on 
   initial console text screen).

7. For GUI version: If the system hangs while starting, using, or exiting the
   GUI desktop, you can try the alternate xserver (xfbdev) by using the
   following boot parameters at the boot prompt on the initial boot screen:

   boot: 1fb      (1280x1024 resolution)
   boot: 2fb      (1024x768 resolution)
   boot: 3fb      (800x600 resolution)
   boot: 4fb      (640x480 resolution)

   On some systems, the higher resolutions may not be available. In that case,
   you will be prompted to choose from a list of available resolutions during
   boot. The '4fb' parameter is one that should be available on almost any 
   system as a last resort.

If you encounter a boot problem not listed above, or the solution listed above
does not work in your case, please report this to TeraByte Support. If the
problem causes the boot to hang, include the last 1 or 2 messages on the screen
before the hang occurs. If possible, also include system information such as 
motherboard make and model.
