The IFL Boot Disk supports adding custom scripts to the disk, and optionally
executing one or more of them automatically on boot. Using ths option requires
creating a custom disk, which must be done from a Linux distribution. Please 
refer to the file quickstart.txt to set up IFL on your Linux distribution, and
also to the file readme.txt for additional information on creating a custom boot
disk.

From there, scripts can be included on the custom boot disk by following these
steps:

- place one or more Bash scripts in the scripts directory. 

- it is not necessary to set permissions on the scripts - that will be taken 
  care of automatically when the custom disk is created.

- to execute one or more of the scripts automatically on boot, edit the
  RUNSCRIPTS option in config.txt with the name(s) of the script(s) to be
  executed. If more than one script is to be executed, the names must be
  separated by a space inside the parenthesis. The scripts will be executed
  in the order they are listed.

- remember to uncomment the RUNSCRIPTS line when finished editing it

- create the custom disk by running the makeISO, makeHDD, or makePXE script

- for makeHDD and makePXE, the /c option must be used to create a custom
  version. Otherwise the default version of the IFL boot disk will be created,
  and it will not include the scripts. The makeISO, makeHDD, and makePXE
  scripts are further documented in readme.txt.

When the custom disk is booted from, the scripts directory will appear in the
/tbu directory on the disk. All scripts placed in the scripts directory will be
included in that directory, regardless of whether or not they are executed 
automatically. Those that are not executed automatically can be executed
manually with a command such as './scripts/myscript' to execute myscript.

If one or more scripts are executed automatically, a log file named scripts.log
will be created in the /tbu directory. The log file will list all scripts
executed automtically on boot, and their exit status. 

If a script does not execute as expected, the nano text editor is available to 
view the script, and make changes for testing purposes. Since the IFL Network
Disk runs from RAM, any changes made will not stick through a reboot. The disk
will have to be recreated with the modified script in place in the scripts 
directory. 

An excellent resource on writing Bash scripts is available at the following
link: http://tldp.org/LDP/Bash-Beginners-Guide/html/index.html
